Overall I'm liking the direction things are going on, and I appreciate your iteration, openness to feedback, and patience with when I could fit in a close look to send notes back!

In terms of specificity a range of 1-10 slides or even 1-3 isn't concrete enough to move forward yet on illustrating with high confidence that we'd be capturing the right key moments. What are the fewest different illustrations needed to get the idea across? One way to think of this is if it was on you to produce all the related images, which moments would you pick and take the time to find a way to depict?

One strategy that I think opens up some hopefully helpful new wiggle room is that we could reuse the same slide image for multiple wipes of typed out text. Ex. Image 1 shows kid sad in hallyway next to nurse by door, under that same single picture it first shows text of Charlie asking the nurse, then text of the nurse's reply, but nextg image isn't until he's in a different situation. With this option in mind, part of the creative constraint is figuring out what can be conveyed or adjusted to fit effectively under the same few illustrations.

If you're comfortable sketching which frames you have in mind for those few image slides, that can help provide us with a sort of storyboard to paint over to discuss as these ideas transition from text-only into a textually supported sequence of images. There may also be a few cases where we can reuse an image by zooming or cropping to a subset of another picture (ex. closer view of Charlie's already sad face), or minimal changes made to another illustration (ex. adding ambulance light onto wall from previous frame's picture), or a flash as an all white box isn't a time consuming add to incorporate for effect. This is another form of trying to eek the most bang for the buck out of our modest bandwidth.

Second half of Act I about depicting Charlie already in the other dimension and what's happening in it I think we can likely reduce by leaning on a transition into gameplay earlier. Perhaps we could add a supporting text line or two under a screenshot of the game view of the player in level 1 to minimize the complexity or quantity or art for that part?

The plot in its current arc seems focused on parts for the ship, if it's possible instead to somehow succinctly tie to be more directly related to saving the grandmother or undoing what went wrong I think for an arcade game's bandwidth having just the grandmother situation as the motivator could be simpler to get across without the addition of ship parts as a second side MacGuffin.

I don't have an easy answer for exactlyh how/why using this ship reverses or avoids whatever happened to the grandmother, but that's what I'm hoping for help and thoughts from you and other teammates on coming up with solutions for :)

What did Charlie grandmother do with the watch that caused her to be wheeled out on a stretcher by the nurse, and how does his use of the watch help undo or fix the situation? Even if there are details which we leave unspoken to the viewer, if we have a clearer answer to this internally the story can have a stronger connection between the introduction's motivations and payoff at the end.